Updating troubleshoot-forms.md (#2257)
MicrosoftDocs/powerapps-docs: powerapps-docs/developer/model-driven-apps/troubleshoot-forms.md

> ![XrmNavigation operation in Monitor](media/form-checker-navigation.png "XrmNavigation operation in [Monitor](../../maker/model-driven-apps/monitor-form-checker.md)")

## Why is a different type of form opening instead of a Quick Create Form?

> When opening a QCF from a lookup or from a grid, a different type of form can open (Edit Form or Main Form Dialog). There are a few reasons for why this could happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When opening a Quick Create Form (QCF) from a lookup or from a grid, a different type of form can open (Edit Form or Main Form Dialog). There are a few reasons for why this could happen.
```

**Resolution**:

- You can use [Monitor](../../maker/model-driven-apps/monitor-form-checker.md) to view the `FormType` event that includes all reasons why a QCF was not opened.

> [!div class="mx-imgBorder"]
> <img width="668" alt="form-type" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82106269/113896182-68c27e80-9765-11eb-8668-17c203169d4a.png">

> Please see the explanation, as well as instructions on how to get the QCF to appear for the same action. Contact the responsible party or make the according changes yourself in the customizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the explanation, as well as instructions on how to get the QCF to appear for the same action. Contact the responsible party or make the relevant changes yourself in the system customizations.
```
